{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Italic;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue11;\red242\green239\blue231;\red187\green154\blue91;
\red12\green12\blue11;\red140\green134\blue125;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5490\c5098\c4314;\cssrgb\c96078\c94902\c92549;\cssrgb\c78431\c66275\c43137;
\cssrgb\c5490\c5098\c4314\c12157;\cssrgb\c61961\c59608\c56471;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa1200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs128 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Design that\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f1\i \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 actually ships.
\f0\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa595\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18600 \cf2 \cb3 I'm Ahmad \'97 a product designer who has spent the past decade inside fintech and banking, figuring out how to make complex financial systems feel human. I started at\'a0NCK Technology, building products for banks like\'a0Fidelity,\'a0Access Bank, and\'a0UBA. That foundation shaped everything: how I think about scale, constraint, and what it means for design to actually work.\cb1 \
\cb3 From there, I moved through\'a0Gomoney\'a0and\'a0Sterling Bank\'a0as Lead Designer, then joined\'a0Lemfi\'a0and\'a0Accenture\'a0in Berlin \'97 where I helped brands like\'a0Deutsche Bank\'a0and\'a0Motel One\'a0rethink their digital experiences. Each chapter has sharpened one belief: the best design work happens at the intersection of craft and consequence.\cb1 \
\cb3 Cadara Studio is the practice I built around that belief \'97 a small, focused team doing precise work for companies in fintech, logistics, and regulated industries. We've helped clients raise capital, launch products, and build the kind of design quality that compounds over time. We're not the biggest studio. We intend to be the best one for the work we take on.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If you're building something in financial services, or need a design partner who understands the space from the inside, I\'92d like to hear about it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@cadarastudio.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 LET'S TALK
\fs16\fsmilli8400 \cb1 \
\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Ismail Ahmad\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs15\fsmilli7800 \cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 FOUNDER, CADARA STUDIO\cb1 \
}